Add storage import and export features to command line and web API (#1082)
Epistimio/orion: docs/src/user/storage.rst

.. _storage_python_apis:

``dump`` Export database content
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``dump`` command allows to export database content to a PickledDB PKL file.

.. code-block:: sh

   orion db dump -o backup.pkl

You can also dump a specific experiment.

.. code-block:: sh

   orion db dump -n exp-name -v exp-version -o backup-exp.pkl

``load`` Import database content
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``load`` command allows to import database content

> from a PickledDB PKL file generated by ``dump`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from any PickledDB PKL file (including files generated by ``dump`` command).
```
